---
layout: post
title: Week of 3 Feb - 9 Feb
---

## What did you do this past week?

Other than getting on top of homework in Predictive Analytics and Math Stats *before it was due*. I went to the Apple Engineering event at the EER. I don't think I got a interview, but it was good practice for the FoCS event. I also hung out with friends on Thursday and Friday.

## What's in your way?

I always say I'll make time for LeetCode, but I never seem to do it. I've done about ~180 problems, but I feel like I need to get back in the groove before I lose what I learned.

I have skipped both lectures of Algorithms with Price this week. Both lectures apparently involved doing DP practice problems, so while that is a bit disturbing (I do not consider that a lecture and more like forced recitation), I will be resuming attendance next week.

## What will you do next week?
I will be presenting my solution to the UT MLDS club's Kaggle competition. I placed first among the leaderboard for the smallest RMSE, so at this point, I am hoping I can get the 1st place prize.

The FOCS career night is next week, so I hope I can snag a interview for a Fall internship. This might prove troublesome as not many companies are open to off-season internships.

## What was your experience of exceptions, references, and consts? (this question will vary, week to week)

This week felt like the first real week of OOP. If the class continues to be like this, I think it will be one of my favorite classes taken. I'm sure it will take some time before I get to use this in practice, but it is interesting nonetheless.

## What made you happy this week?
Now that my schedule is finalized (got into a class that was full!), I finally was able to focus on the material in my classes. Taking notes in the textbook on the sections covered in M 378K lecture solidified my understanding over the reasoning why the sample mean as an estimator minimizes variance. 

Also, going to the gym on a daily schedule has made me feel more productive.

## What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

This past week, I installed Oracle VirtualBox and Docker. It took a while, and I had some strange mouse and keyboard capture errors that I resolved with reinstalling Ubuntu twice. This was troublesome because it slowed down my implementation of Collatz.
